Add CET and host features (#43018)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/whats-new/dotnet-9/runtime.md

For more information, see [Dynamic adaptation to application sizes (DATAS)](../../../standard/garbage-collection/datas.md).

## Control-flow enforcement technology

> [Control-flow enforcement technology (CET)](https://learn.microsoft.com/cpp/build/reference/cetcompat?view=msvc-170) is [enabled by default](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/core/compatibility/interop/9.0/cet-support) for apps on Windows. It significantly improves security by adding hardware-enforced stack protection against return-oriented programming (ROP) exploits. It is the latest [.NET Runtime Security Mitigation](https://github.com/dotnet/designs/blob/main/accepted/2021/runtime-security-mitigations.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Control-flow enforcement technology (CET)](/cpp/build/reference/cetcompat) is [enabled by default](../../compatibility/interop/9.0/cet-support.md) for apps on Windows. It significantly improves security by adding hardware-enforced stack protection against return-oriented programming (ROP) exploits. It's the latest [.NET Runtime Security Mitigation](https://github.com/dotnet/designs/blob/main/accepted/2021/runtime-security-mitigations.md).
```

> CET imposes some limitations on CET-enabled processes and can result is a small performation regression. There are various controls to opt-out of CET.

Author: ```suggestion
CET imposes some limitations on CET-enabled processes and can result in a small performance regression. There are various controls to opt-out of CET.
```

## .NET install search behavior

> .NET apps can now be configured for how they should [search for the .NET runtime](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/core/deploying/deploy-with-cli#configure-net-install-search-behavior). This capability can be used with private runtime installation or to more strongly control the execution environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.NET apps can now be configured for how they should [search for the .NET runtime](../../deploying/deploy-with-cli.md#configure-net-install-search-behavior). This capability can be used with private runtime installations or to more strongly control the execution environment.
```
